Good evening.
Last week.
the warring factions in Bosnia
reached a peace agreement
as a result of our efforts
in Dayton. Ohio.
and the support of our European
and Russian partners.
Tonight.
I want to speak with you
about implementing
the Bosnian peace agreement
and why our values
and interests as Americans
require that we participate.
Go ahead. Katie.
It's okay.
...will not be
about fighting a war.
It will be about helping the
people of Bosnia to secure...
Daddy?
Why would you bring her here...
to see me?
What's the matter with you.
George?
Frank. Please.
Will you just do me a favor?
Go. Now.
Katie. wait.
Katie?
I don't want to come here
anymore.
It's okay. Neither do I.
You can have one now.
one in the car.
and one when we get home.
Don't worry. Katie.
Uncle George will make
everything better.
They feed off
people's pain and misery.
I-I know I'm ranting.
You should probably delete this
message. or get a new phone.
Oh. man.
I think someone's following me.
Aw. shit.
No. hey. hey. get away from me.
you piece...
piece of shit.
Get away from me!
Get... get...
No! No. don't!
Don't. don't. don't.
don't. don't.
Please. I'm begging you.
I'm begging you.
I'm begging you. please don't.
Oh! Don't!
- "Suicide."
- Yeah. Right.
Tom said Sam was after him.
He told me
not to trust anybody.
I just. I thought he was
being paranoid.
And then I get this.
two days later. Tom is dead.
You know we can't talk
about this
if you're staying
on the case...
- I quit.
- Okay.
I went to the police.
but they said they need more.
They said it's just
a voice mail.
It's an unfounded accusation.
Let's think on it.
Did Sam do this?
Sam's in over her head.
You didn't answer my question.
Honestly. I don't know.
You know. Tom was like
a second father to her.
And for what?
Money.
How can I help?
Well. this voice mail's
a good start.
- Oh. hey. honey.
- Hey.
This is Brittany.
She's an old friend of mine.
Uh. she's a PI helping me out.
- Rob Bettencourt.
- Hi.
I just quit Margolis & True
to help.
Is there anybody left
actually working the case
- at Margolis & True?
- Just Patty.
Well. uh. I had
a productive day
at the assessor's office.
Did you find Frank?
Yeah.
You're gonna shit.
So this entire block.
including your building
and Frank's building.
is owned by a company called
Rundleworks Inc.
Okay.
Rundleworks is owned by
an A.F. Zax.
As in Arthur Frank Zax.
Founder and chief chemist
of Zax Pharma.
He's George Zax's brother.
Have you...
Have you talked to him?
Yeah.
About the case?
I'll call you later.
Did George send you?
What the hell is the matter
with you?
No. he didn't send me!
Then why are you here?
I'm here because
you're up to something.
And I happen to know
what it is.
You don't know shit.
Oh. really?
Well. then. why are you seeing
Billy McBride?
George told me to watch him.
I've seen you.
I don't know what
you want from me.
I want you to get
the hell out of here.
and have the guts to
get away from George!
To get away from you!
Okay.
I'll take that.
I earned it.
I was not a good father.
but I know my brother George.
He raised me.
I know him better
than you think.
Really? Well. if you
knew him that well.
then you'd know
you cannot stop him.
I am the only person who can.
That's what I thought.
But look at me.
You want to end up
looking like me?
Beat to shit. can't think.
can't remember things?
- I'm not you.
- He'll do it to you.
I'm not you.
He will hurt you.
And what. you're gonna try
and prevent that from happening?
Yes. ma'am.
Wow.
My hero.
You know...
...I don't think about you.
Ever.
You can thank Uncle George
for that.
Billy. Billy!
Billy. I know you're
in there. goddamn it!
Open the door!
Well. you know I'm coming in
'cause you know
I got a fuckin' key.
Oh...
Ah. where the fuck
is the red one?
Red one... Here's the red.
Oh... come on. where are you?
Come out. come out.
wherever the fuck you are.
Where the fuck are you?
Fuck. I'm coming.
I'm coming.
Yeah?
You looking
for me. Arthur?
Or should I still
call you Frank?
I don't give a fuck
what you call me.
Why don't you tell me
what's going on here. Arthur?
You can't let Kate testify.
Is that what George wants?
George? Fuck George.
Really? Fuck George?
Well. you've been
telling him everything.
Well. I never told him
about Kate.
Listen. we need Kate
to take George down.
- Well. he won't let her.
- He has no choice.
Jesus Christ.
I'm looking at you!
Don't you hear
a fucking thing I say?
Sorry. I don't believe
a word you're saying.
I never lied to you. sir.
Well. you sure left
a lot of shit out.
I'm going to ask you nicely.
Please.
You have a daughter.
Don't make mine go through this.
I'm not gonna let anything
happen to Kate.
Yeah. we'll see.
What the fuck. Rob?!
Uh. hi.
I had to find out from Ava's
dipshit assistant that you quit.
Do you know how shitty
that is for me?
- I hate talking to her.
- Okay. um...
I am running on zero hours of sleep.
I'm probably going to trial
with fucking nobody
on my side.
And. what.
did I interrupt a murder?
What's going on in there?
Do you need my help?
- Yes.
- Move.
Angel...
Okay.
Put the blanket over there.
Keep your eyes shut.
My God.
How do you get her down
like that?
Oh. you just... you press
a soft spot on her neck.
- Really?
- No. not really.
God.
Look. it's none of my business.
but if you're gonna
keep babysitting.
you gotta get some
kid-friendly shit in here.
You get some binkys.
babas. blankies.
- Whatever. just some joy.
- Okay. look. number one.
Megan just dropped her off.
Said she'd be back
in two hours.
Said Izzie would just nap
the whole time. All lies.
What's wrong with Megan?
Oh. my God.
You know. her family life
is like a perpetual emergency.
Mom's dying. brother's a mess.
I was just supposed to be
the financial support. you know.
I didn't even know I had a kid
until last year.
- Izzie doesn't like me.
- She doesn't know you.
Yeah. she doesn't know you
either. and you guys are.
like. best buds.
Do you want to be her father
or not?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Well. then. figure your shit out
with Megan.
Read a fucking book.
And you commit
and you figure it out.
That's all I got.
Yeah.
Why did you quit. Rob?
You gotta tell me.
Look. we can't talk about it.
Is it because you didn't get
equity partnership?
Oh. God. no.
No. it's... it's not.
Is it something about Tom True?
Is it something about Sam?
What about Sam?
Patty. just 'cause
we can't talk doesn't mean
I'm not helping you.
Oh. fuck.
- Hey. thanks.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
You okay with all this. Kate?
Does it suck?
No. it's exactly what we need.
I just want
to make sure you're okay.
I'm great. I want to be...
What am I?
- Whistleblower status.
So...
I need you to sign
this one for the FDA.
And that one for
the state attorney general.
Okay.
Jesus. this is really real.
Well. once
these papers are delivered.
you're protected under the law.
Okay.
- Is that it?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
I'll be in my room.
Okay.
All right.
Seems like old times. huh?
It's like riding a bike.
Wish me luck.
- Say. Kate?
- Yeah.
Um. I just want you to know
that Patty's gonna lead you
through exactly what's gonna
happen in court. okay?
I'm ready.
All right.
see you later.
Okay. honey. See you later.
Do you mind?
Please.
So. um. I talked to Frank.
What?
Turns out he's my neighbor.
and that's not a coincidence.
Uncle George.
Yeah. he's a man
who covers all of his bets.
Frank saw me at your apartment.
Then he showed up at mine.
He's an interesting guy. Frank.
He doesn't want me to testify.
I can understand why.
I get it.
but the shit
with Uncle George has to stop.
What happened between
your Uncle George and Frank?
I was young.
I've heard the rumors. but...
all I know is
they had a falling out.
and Frank had some kind
of psychotic break.
Then Uncle George took me in.
He never talks about
what happened between them.
Which is fine.
'cause I don't want to know.
We really appreciate
what you're doing.
You should get some sleep.
I'll-I'll be in the next room
'till Brittany gets back.
so don't worry.
All right?
Okay.
And-and it goes on.
"During my time
at the company.
"upper level management
has used fear
"and aggressive tactics
"to cover up the dangers
posed by their drugs.
This started during the troubled
clinical trials of Trimadone..."
I'm gonna stop you. Joe.
George. this whistleblower
is a big fucking problem.
20 people have
seen this already.
Do you know who it is?
The name's been redacted.
More importantly. why did
you think it was a good idea
to discuss this
with me over the phone?
That-That's more important?
I'm across the fucking country.
I would've sent the jet.
Oh. and how would that look?
I don't answer
fucking questions. Joe.
I fucking ask them.
Okay. then ask yourself this.
How fucked are you now
that you don't have me
to do your bidding?
Did he just fucking
hang up on me?
That fucking pussy motherfucker!
I'll make a few calls.
ruin his life.
Thank you.
Some men are just... born weak.
So who do you think
the whistleblower is?
Ow! What the fuck?
Do you really want him
to answer that?
I've got some emails
to return.
Jesus.
Find Kate. Now.
Mr. Petock. are we ready
to put this case to bed?
Yes. Your Honor.
We had to iron out a few kinks
in our agreement.
but we are good to go.
Ms. Solis-Papagian?
Yes. Your Honor. we're prepared
to dismiss all claims
against Russell Drug
and Tillinger Health.
Good. Then if there
are no further objections...
And we're moving to reopen
litigation against Zax Pharma
and to void their settlement
for fraud.
Your Honor. this is ridiculous.
You're fucking ridiculous.
They are expressly
prohibited from using
any information
from Billy McBride.
Ms. Solis-Papagian.
I am getting a strong case
of déjà vu here.
- Mm-hmm.
- Do you want to be held
in contempt. too?
No. No. Your Honor. No.
Um. our claim has nothing
to do with Billy McBride.
Uh. we have a whistleblower. and
our whistleblower
has an attorney.
- And who is this attorney?
- After quitting
Margolis & True.
I was approached by my client.
who is a Zax Pharma insider.
My client gave me the file.
asked me to submit it
to the FDA and the state DOJ.
along with their
whistleblower complaint.
Once Attorney General
Herrera saw it.
she requested I forward a copy
to Ms. Solis-Papagian.
And we're more than happy
to call her if you'd like.
This is absurd.
He was sitting at
the plaintiff's table last week.
Mr. Bettencourt.
I will ask you once.
Was Mr. McBride involved in
getting this information to you?
From what I understand.
my client did go
to Billy McBride first.
But since he was suspended.
he referred my client to me.
I've never met with my client in
the presence of Billy McBride.
or discussed the matter
with him.
Who is this whistleblower?
Your Honor. uh.
given the sensitivity
of the ongoing investigations
into the matter.
I'm only prepared to give you
my client's name in-camera.
without certain people
in the room.
- Me?
- Yeah. you.
Oh. you have to tell me
who they are.
Not until I get them
somewhere safe.
What do you think
I'm going to do?
We don't know.
That's the point.
Your Honor. I have never had
my integrity questioned
like this before.
I find that unlikely.
Tom True requested this
information from you months ago.
which you never turned over.
as you were legally required to.
Hence the fraud
in the settlement.
- So that's on you. Petcock.
- It's Petock.
- Sure.
- And I personally went through
all of Zax's discovery.
Whatever this is.
if it's even real. didn't exist.
Oh. it's real.
Your Honor. my client
is prepared to testify
that Zax Pharma destroyed
all evidence relating
to Trimadone's addictiveness.
minus this one copy.
I had nothing to do with that.
and I have been fair and honest.
unlike the other side.
Noted.
Ms. Solis-Papagian.
- Yes.
- Mr. Bettencourt.
I don't know what you did. or
how you did it. but I see you.
Thank you? Thank you.
This is Billy McBride's
handiwork.
however unimpeachably
choreographed it was.
and I am not inclined
to let you have it.
- Thank you. Your Honor.
- If I had my way.
you'd be struck off
along with them.
- Thank you. Your Honor.
- Thank you.
Despite my concerns
about the alleged chain
of custody here.
I cannot allow you
and your clients
to refuse to comply with
discovery and benefit from it.
The Zax Pharma settlement
is hereby voided.
Your Honor. my clients have
a joint defense agreement.
I'll have to withdraw
all my settlement offers.
Yeah. Great. Do it. Do it. Go.
Well. isn't this nice?
A rare moment of agreement.
I guess we have a trial
after all.
But I have had it up to here
with all of you.
so prepare yourselves.
- And get out of here.
- Yes. ma'am.
Some fun now.
The judge voided Zax Pharma.
We are going to trial.
It didn't occur to you to
tell me you had a whistleblower?
No. it did.
Oh. so that was your choice:
leaving me in the dark?
I'm sorry. We have damning
testimony from an insider.
Why are you upset about that?
- Because I don't like to be shut out.
- Oh.
I want to help. but I can't
do that if I don't know what
- the fuck is going on.
- Right. Well. join the fucking club.
What the fuck's
that supposed to mean?
It means I can't help you
if I don't know
what's going on with you.
so... what's up?
I'm not a gambler. Patty.
so excuse the fuck out of me
if the sight of our settlement
just flying out the window
on angel wings makes me
a little bit upset.
So. who is the whistleblower?
It is Zax Pharma's
chief chemist.
It is George Zax's niece.
That could be a little sticky.
Mm-hmm. yeah. for her.
All right.
You know. it isn't...
it isn't a gamble.
doing the right thing.
Unless. for whatever reason.
it is for you.
Hmm.
Is the temperature okay?
Just shut the fuck up and drive.
Excuse me?
My soul is crushed.
but I'm hopeful.
I'm hopeful for the first time
in such a long time. Rob.
I hope those fucking assholes
bleed and choke
and shit the same pain
my poor Amanda endured.
Soulless fucking cocksuckers.
They feed off
people's pain and misery.
But I'm hopeful. I'm hopeful
for the first time
in such a long time. Rob.
I hope those fucking assholes
bleed and choke and shit
the same pain
my poor Amanda endured.
Soulless fucking cocksuckers.
They feed off people's
pain and misery...
But I'm hopeful.
I'm hopeful
for the first time
in such a long time. Rob.
I hope those fucking assholes bleed
and choke and shit the same pain
my poor Amanda endured.
Soulless fucking cocksuckers.
Patty's friend Brittany. right?
Good memory.
Excuse me.
How do you know Billy?
L.A.'s a small town.
Yeah. just a few million people.
I'll let him know
you stopped by.
It's not necessary.
Have a good day. Brittany.
How you doing?
Good.
Really tired.
You're gonna kill it.
Don't forget that your uncle's
sitting over there.
Okay?
- Yeah.
- You ready?
- Let's do it.
- All right.
Are you currently
on any medication?
Are they really gonna ask that?
We'll object to the question.
but if it speaks
to your state of mind.
the judge might allow it.
Are you currently
on any medication?
Yes.
For what?
Who cares?
Everybody takes medication.
- Okay.
- Okay. uh. let's sidebar her medical history.
Let's decide
if it's relevant later.
- I mean. it's all relevant. Ron.
- Yeah. I know.
- Your uncle is George Zax. correct?
- Yes.
- And he raised you?
How would you describe
your relationship with him?
Would you say
he was like a father to you?
Sure.
"Yes" or "no" is better.
Yes.
So. you were the head
of research and development at
your uncle's company. correct?
- Yes.
- That's very impressive for someone so young.
- Uh. objection.
- Uh-uh. Nuh-uh.
No. we're not doing that.
Well. I'm going to object.
Oh. my God.
Would you have had
such a lofty position
in your uncle's company
if your last name weren't Zax?
I don't know. How would I know?
I don't know. I mean.
you must have gotten everything
- you wanted as a Zax. right?
- Objection.
Did it bother you
when your uncle
picked his son
to take over the company
despite the fact
that you're far more qualified?
I don't think about it
like that.
I'm asking you
if it bothered you.
- I don't know. Maybe.
- Mm-hmm.
Is that why
you turned on George Zax
and released
confidential information?
That's... I didn't.
No?
You released confidential
information. correct?
- Yes.
- Okay.
And when your uncle
fired you
from the family company.
how'd that make you feel?
You know. maybe we should
go back and review
- some of these answers.
- How'd that make you feel?
Hmm? Abandoned? Angry?
Maybe angry enough to lie?
Angry enough
to ruin him financially?
to send him to prison?
- Patty.
- What?
No. I mean.
she either hears it now
or in front of a jury.
I mean. what are we...?
Are we doing this for fun
or are we prepping?
Your uncle never asked you
to falsify test results
to comply with FDA standards.
did he?
No.
Yes. but no.
No? Yes?
- He didn't. did he?
- Stop!
- Just stop.
- Whoa.
That was way too harsh.
What do you think
Griffin's gonna
do to her on the stand?
Well. you overwhelmed her.
You needed to get there
more gradually.
I don't have
fucking time for that.
Jesus. Rob.
She's supposed to be
our star witness...
Look. I understand
going to trial
is less than ideal.
but make no mistake.
I have everything under control.
Anybody who believes otherwise
is cordially invited
to go fuck themselves.
Charles. you had something you wanted to say.
Uh. yes. With all due respect...
Hate it already.
You want to start again?
We've been talking.
- Who's we? - Not me. Dad.
- The board.
We just want
to be prepared. just in case
the trial doesn't go our way.
Not that it won't.
but there's a lot of money
at stake.
Retirement funds. et cetera.
And for the sake
of the company.
it was suggested
that the best person
to take the fall.
should there be one.
would be you.
Uh-huh.
Well. that's not gonna happen.
So I guess we're done here.
Ah. Well. we have the votes.
just so you know.
Might want to check
those numbers again. Charles.
No shit.
You know. Charles here.
you owe him a shout-out.
He's the one
who tracked me down.
Fern. remind me
to thank Charles later.
Everybody out.
- What's the little guy do?
- Come on.
It is big.
You feel real powerful here.
don't you?
I think you look small.
We had a deal.
No. not your fucking deal.
I want a new deal.
I'm listening.
You know.
I can give my proxy to anybody
I want. You know that.
I know a lawyer now.
You making a deal or a threat?
What's the difference?
If anything ever happens
to Kate...
anything...
then I will give my proxy
to Mr. B-I-L-L-Y McBride.
Kate's unstable.
She's not unstable!
She doesn't have what I have.
No.
But she thinks that she could.
And that terrifies her.
You terrify her.
You turned me
into a fucking ghost.
I never meant to.
Oh. here we go with the old
"let's be friends" bit.
It's bullshit.
We're not friends. Frank.
We're brothers.
I would never hurt Kate.
Just me.
Yeah. Just you.
So we have a deal.
Yes.
Let's shake.
Oh! Oh! Oh. no.
Can't do that.
Don't want you to catch crazy.
Where the fuck
is my fucking niece?
You sure I can't get you
anything to eat?
No. I'm fine. Thanks.
Hey. well.
you can call me anytime.
Middle of the night.
whenever. Okay?
You did good.
I didn't.
Good night.
How'd it go?
Poorly. She's nervous.
I'll talk to her.
- Please.
- Yeah. Okay.
Hi.
Patty's really mean.
Yeah. I know.
But she'll be nicer in court.
I promise.
I can't do this!
I can't! I...
- I can't do this.
- Yes. you can.
I know you want to.
Look. the chemistry.
the results.
what's true in the lab...
I can talk about that.
It's the personal stuff...
I know. your Uncle George
and Frank. I get it.
Yeah. my uncle will be sitting
- right there in front of me.
- Look.
he fucked up.
and he's taking it out on you.
The way to set yourself free
is to tell the truth
about who he is
and what he did.
What he did is wrong.
He's killing people.
Remember that.
Don't let this guy scare you.
You're the good guy here.
Doesn't feel like it.
Well. whether you like it
or not. you are.
Please.
Okay.
I'm gonna take a shower
and then head to bed.
Oh. okay.
- Sorry.
- That's all right.
Good night.
- Sam.
- George.
I want to amend our agreement.
Jesus Christ. You. too?
On what grounds?
I heard you wanted
to have a talk with your niece
before she testifies.
I know where she's staying.
Okay. What do you want?
I'll take the dive.
but I want my firm
to be compensated.
How much?
Two billion.
And I want it tonight.
You're not gonna be laughing
when you hear Kate testify.
All right.
Where is she?
I sent a kid to find you.
Didn't he come?
He was here.
Hey.
We got a problem.
What?
Well. Frank left.
I don't know where.
I was gonna follow him.
but then Sam stopped me.
She showed up at your apartment.
- What did she want?
- I don't know.
She didn't say.
But I don't think
I'm gonna be much use to you...
...if she knows that I'm working
the case with you.
because I met her before.
As "Patty's friend."
...you're poor
your whole life. And in the end.
you wind up dying all alone
on some dirty street.
Sorry.
Well. there's nothing
you can do about it now.
...tin star.
Listen...
I did hear something
on Tom True's recording.
some. like. background noise.
- Mm.
- I'm trying to isolate it.
I don't know. but might help us
figure out where it came from.
What kind of noise?
Sounded like...
- dogs barking.
- Hmm.
But I don't know.
Well. just keep poking around.
Will you come down
to that depot with me?
Let's get some dinner.
I'm starving.
Yeah. sure.
What about Kate?
You think she's hungry?
Yeah. maybe. Ask her.
She may be asleep. I don't know.
The shower's running.
The shower's running?
Well. that's weird.
She said she was gonna take
a shower and go to bed.
like. an hour ago.
Kate?
We're gonna get some dinner.
You hungry?
Kate? Hey. Kate!
- Something's not right.
- What?
Is it this one?
Right there.
Hotel management!
We're entering your room.
Kate?
Her stuff's still here.
- Well. where'd she go?
- I don't. I don't like this.
Kate?
I'm sorry this is happening.
Uncle George.
But I tried
to talk to you about this.
You did.
Katie. I'm not here
to stop you from testifying.
Really?
It's a big decision.
If you need time. alone.
to think...
I can help you with that.
Why are you doing this?
Because you're my daughter.
And you always will be.
I saw Frank.
I know. I was afraid you might.
Katie. you know he's...
he's not well.
I should've listened
to his doctors. but...
...he's my brother.
What should I do?
I can't decide for you.
But if you do need time away
to think
and if you trust me...
...Uncle George
will make everything better.
You just need a good. long rest.
Hey. Billy.
You just got a text from Kate.
"Needed some air. Can you
meet me up on the roof?"
Billy fucking McBride.
Hey. miss!
Hey!
A little help. please!
Help me!
Not staying
for the grand finale?
I know how it ends.
Yeah? Where's Kate?
She's safe.
She was already safe.
What did you do to her?
I would never harm Kate.
She came back to me.
Yeah?
That's convenient timing.
Kate needs a long rest.
This trial will go on
and on and on.
So she's free to testify
whenever she wants.
If she wants.
So it's her choice?
You're not trying to stop her?
Of course not.
I have nothing to hide.
You and I both know
that's bullshit.
You apparently don't know
that you're fucking
with the wrong guy. Billy.
Is that what you said
to Tom True?
It was tragic.
what happened to him.
I heard. He left a voice mail
- just before you killed him.
- Come on.
Don't insult my intelligence
like that.
I'm not gonna take
that bullshit bait.
I'm the good guy here. okay?
I'm giving you a heads-up.
Kate is not available
to testify at the present time.
so you can plan your next move.
I don't have any moves. George.
I'm not even on the case.
Now. we definitely both know
- that's bullshit. Billy.
- Mm.
You remind me of my brother.
Yeah?
Outraged at your total disregard
for humanity?
No. I was gonna say
"delusional."
What?
George got to Kate.
You dumb son of a bitch!
Where would he take her?
What did he say?
He just said
Kate needed a long rest.
Oh. fuck.
I know exactly where she is.